Implemented disabling logging configuration & added config file (#1130)
facebookresearch/hydra: website/docs/tutorials/basic/running_your_app/4_logging.md

[2019-09-29 13:06:00,896][__main__][DEBUG] - Debug level message
```

You can disable the logging output by setting `hydra/job_logging` to `disabled`   
```commandline
$ python my_app.py hydra/job_logging=disabled
<NO OUTPUT>
```

You can also set `hydra/job_logging=none` and `hydra/hydra_logging=none` if you do not want Hydra to configure the logging.

> and `hydra/hydra_logging` to `none`

Reviewer: redundant line?

Author: The line you removed was there before I added anything to the documentation, and I think it does serve a purpose there. On another note, I did find that the documentation in general was a bit confusing since certain topics were described multiple times in multiple different places. Perhaps the documentation should be changed in general?

Reviewer: I was referring to this part: 
```
Hydra to configure the logging.
and `hydra/hydra_logging` to `none`
```

[2019-09-29 13:06:00,896][__main__][DEBUG] - Debug level message
```

> You can disable the logging output using by setting `hydra/job_logging` to `disabled`   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can disable the logging output by setting `hydra/job_logging` to `disabled`   
```

```commandline
$ python my_app.py hydra/job_logging=disabled
<NO OUTPUT>
```

> If instead you want to disable configuring the logging subsystem, then set `hydra/job_logging`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can also set `hydra/job_logging=none` and `hydra/hydra_logging=none` if you do not want Hydra to configure the logging.
```
